Add info about TRANSCODE_FLAC env var (#48)
koel/docs: src/README.md

`STREAMING_METHOD` doesn't have effects if you're transcoding or serving songs from Amazon S3.
:::

### Transcoding FLAC

> Koel by default will transcode FLAC to mp3 on the fly when streaming music. This can be disabled via a `TRANSCODE_FLAC` setting in `.env` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Koel by default will transcode FLAC to mp3 on the fly when streaming music. This behavior can be controlled via a `TRANSCODE_FLAC` setting in `.env` file:
```
